we now find that a dog of a
neighborhood faced offenders
to avoid a theft they in revenge what
they killed stabbing
they stabbed him to silence him with his
barks this dog warned about the
presence of a group of criminals
I wanted to rob a housing
park towers pass the ravine when seen
discovered made him several cuts
in the body and left him dead close to
where was his house
his name was lightning and for four
years he took care of the neighbors of this
park that he killed had many
enemies here because I gave him a dog
because he looked after the park
and it stabbed the death of lightning
it caused consternation among the neighbors
who now fear that criminals
go to do the same with the others
dogs
now the other two are in danger
remaining that are the kitty and the al
pacino then how is it possible already
we live in his kit works and it is this
little dog that next to ray watched the
park inside this house of
Serenazgo de Barranco lives at Pacino
they put that name because it has the face
cut both are the mute witnesses of
what happened with lightning while the
neighbors make conjectures about death
of this faithful friend
but it's only the only lesson in
actually a necropsy would help
determine the cause of death
aside the pacino and kiti suffered in the
silence they did not want to separate from their
friend lightning his adventurous companion
ramblings and barks
Kitty does not want to see her friend inside
some bags wants to see it free running
next to her but it's too late
the truth I would know to accuse who
it was but he had many enemies but
more than lightning enemies won many friends
who immediately organized his funeral
while digging in the earth to
bury him the neighbors of the park of
peace towers and their inseparable friends and
you and the pacino said goodbye to lightning
can that he died fulfilling his duty of
vigilant